WIP - OADP 2419 Release Notes and Update Notes fixed (#67404)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-verifying-upgrade-1-3-0.adoc

NAME                        DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   NODE SELECTOR   AGE
daemonset.apps/node-agent    3         3         3       3            3           <none>          96s

NAME                                                READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/oadp-operator-controller-manager    1/1     1            1           2m9s
deployment.apps/velero                              1/1     1            1           96s

NAME                                                           DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.apps/oadp-operator-controller-manager-67d9494d47    1         1         1       2m9s
replicaset.apps/velero-588db7f655                              1         1         1       96s
----

.  Verify that the DPA is reconciled by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get dpa dpa-sample -n openshift-adp -o jsonpath='{.status}'
----
.Example output
[source,yaml]
+
----
{"conditions":[{"lastTransitionTime":"2023-10-27T01:23:57Z","message":"Reconcile complete","reason":"Complete","status":"True","type":"Reconciled"}]}
----

. Verify the `type` is set to `Reconciled`.

> . Verify the `BackupStorageLocation` and that the `PHASE` is `Available` by running the following command:

Reviewer: Formatting and clarity:
```suggestion
. Verify the backup storage location and confirm that the `PHASE` is `Available` by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get backupStorageLocation -n openshift-adp
----
.Example output
[source,yaml]
+
----
NAME           PHASE       LAST VALIDATED   AGE     DEFAULT
dpa-sample-1   Available   1s               3d16h   true
----

> . Verify that the `PHASE` is in `Available`.

Reviewer: This is a duplicate step and should be removed (as in the previous module).

> In OADP 1.3 you can start data movement off cluster per backup vs. creating a DataProtectionApplication (DPA) configuration.

Reviewer: > vs. creating
Does this mean "instead of creating"? If so, I would reword it that way for clarity. 

"Versus" is only used for comparison and shouldn't be abbreviated per IBM Style:

versus conjunction
Write as shown (spelled out) or rewrite with equivalent wording such as compare to. Do not abbreviate as vs., vs, or v.

deployment.apps/velero                              1/1     1            1           96s

NAME                                                           DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.apps/oadp-operator-controller-manager-67d9494d47    1         1         1       2m9s
replicaset.apps/velero-588db7f655                              1         1         1       96s
----

.  Verify that the DPA is reconciled by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get dpa dpa-sample -n openshift-adp -o jsonpath='{.status}'
----
.Example output
[source,yaml]
+
----
{"conditions":[{"lastTransitionTime":"2023-10-27T01:23:57Z","message":"Reconcile complete","reason":"Complete","status":"True","type":"Reconciled"}]}
----

. Verify the `type` is set to `Reconciled`.

. Verify the `BackupStorageLocation` and that the `PHASE` is `AVAILABLE` by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get backupStorageLocation -n openshift-adp
----
.Example output
[source,yaml]
+
----
NAME           PHASE       LAST VALIDATED   AGE     DEFAULT
dpa-sample-1   Available   1s               3d16h   true
----

> . Verify that the `PHASE` is in `Available`.

Author: No. It's a verification step.

> In OADP 1.3 you can start data movement off cluster per backup vs. creating a DataProtectionApplication (DPA) configuration.

Reviewer 2: I am not sure if vs means versus. This might have to be reworded?

.Example
[source,terminal]
----
$ velero backup create example-backup --include-namespaces mysql-persistent --snapshot-move-data=true
----

> .Example

Reviewer 3: Still valid.
